# Information-Management-for-Amazon-Ecommerce

Our data is completely synthetic and was generated using an online tool called Mockaroo. Mockaroo was great for our needs because it allowed us a lot of flexibility in how our “random” data was generated. For example, we could ensure that for a given order, the date that a customer received their delivery always came after the date that the customer ordered. Additionally, we were able to select a variety of top products from Amazon’s actual website and then have Mockaroo randomly assign products from this custom list to the rows in the order table.
Since we built the tables and seeded data for three different functional areas: order processing, inventory management, and call center operations, we can answer a wide variety of questions. For instance, we looked at of the customers who called complaining about a late order, what number of these orders were handled by each of our shipping vendors? We also wanted to know: are products with low star ratings online were associated with high amounts of customer call complaints? This analysis would be particularly insightful if we were worried about bots inflating the online star ratings.  We could use customer complaints as a way to find poor quality products to remove them from our site.
We implemented a data warehouse in Oracle using a star schema design. We had a central fact table and then 4 dimensions: inventory, vendor, customer, and product. The data came from the transaction tables which were also in Oracle and we did some ETL to get the appropriate columns and data into the measures table and fact tables. Also, it ensured that the data was being brought into the data warehouse with the proper format.
